Refactor imuldw API (#613)
stdlib-js/stdlib: lib/node_modules/@stdlib/math/base/ops/imuldw/README.md

// returns [ -536870912, 0 ]
```

> #### imuldw( a, b, out, stride, offset )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### imuldw.assign( a, b, out, stride, offset )
```

> Multiplies two signed 32-bit integers and returns an `array` of two signed 32-bit integers which represents the signed 64-bit integer product, and assigns results to a provided output array.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiplies two signed 32-bit integers and assigns results representing the signed 64-bit integer product to a provided output array.
```
